initial knative-eventing sink (#34)
kubearchive/kubearchive: README.md

```
**NOTE**: This assumes you installed the helm chart under the `default` namespace.

### Build images with `ko`

> The following components of kubearchive have images that can be build locally with `ko`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following components of kubearchive have images that can be built locally with `ko`:
```

Author: fixed

`apiVersion` of the resource.

### kubearchive-sink

> An ApiServerSource requires a sink that it can send cloud events to. The image be hardcoded or ko can be used to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An ApiServerSource requires a sink that it can send cloud events to.
The image can be hard coded or `ko` can be used to
```

Author: fixed
